On the train back from Edinburgh, I added some more functionality. Firstly, a short refactor, just extracting all my keypress code into its own file. Then, saving and loading to disk. We're just saving a simple text file that lists co-ords, one per line, but 20 minutes work got that working.

Then, I fiddled with that a bit: made "LOAD" load from a named file. I'm not quite sure how to save to a named file - I'd like to do it via a textfield, but I've got to work out how to ignore keypresses when a textfield has focus! That needs documentation, which I don't have on a train.

I added some ControlP5 GUI - I like adding just enough GUI for it not to require a horrible number of keyboard presses. I've also added a step-sequencing mode. Rather than just only letting you playback at the speed of light, you can now step through things one at a time - there's a scrollbar to move through it. That ought to be hooked up to video playback when that's in, so you can step through both in sync. One thing at a time, though: for now, we've got something that looks like an app rather than some crazy debug tool.

It's getting there: I nearly have all the bits of mouse tracking done, for now. I'd like to then explore a few things:

* annotating points with quotations
* making the output more attractive - something about a line getting thinner and thicker is my first port of call, but ow I've got a data file, I can build other scripts to do that
* refactor the whole mode changing thing to be a single variable to track State.

Annotation is a bit tricky, but I've written down a list of things I'd like to do with it in the meantime. I'd really like to try the traces soon, but just want to get rid of some of the flakiness and do this big refactor.

As usual, things are expanding and contracting to fill time - some things take longer than planned, some things less time...

Oh - and another five minutes is turning this into a nice GUI-driven application.